Stepper: describe API (#7166)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxStepper/1 Configuration/onSelectionChanged.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> A function that is executed when an item (step) is selected or selection is canceled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A function that is executed when an item (step) is selected or the selection is canceled.
```

##### param(e): ui/stepper:SelectionChangedEvent
Information about the event.

##### field(e.addedItems): Array<any>

> The data of the selected items.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An array that holds items added to selection. 
```

> An array that holds items added to selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An array that holds items added to the selection.
```

##### field(e.component): {WidgetName}
The UI component's instance.

##### field(e.element): DxElement
#include common-ref-elementparam with { element: "UI component" }

##### field(e.removedItems): Array<any>

> The data of the items removed from selection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An array that holds items removed from selection.
```

> An array that holds items removed from selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An array that holds items removed from the selection.
```
